dear son I think you all how do you get
round all the children in the world and
one night if you've ever wondered how it
all happens you're in for a big surprise
Operation Santa Claus is coming to town
the producers of chicken run and wallace
and gromit meet the family who makes
Christmas happen his flute Santa's the
boss Steve's the brains this is Germany
father they drive on the right special
dish sausage and then there's Arthur I
just want it to be perfect for every
country but this Christmas there's been
a glitch there's one small problem a
child's been got the whole North Pole
idea who cares about one single shiner
just think she's the one kid in the
whole world
Santa doesn't care about do you know
Arthur there is a way
you're coming to lead me on that up
there Dasher dancer what are the others
called I could never remember but the
Bambi I'm not really good at big animals
this year the last person anyone
believed in
is the only one who can save the holiday
to stand back yes it doesn't matter how
we got here
as long she still believes
are there Christmas how do you think
he's fine fine